Yeah, we want to build a banking mobile app, like a banking app, but this one is a web app, like e-banking, just like the Bank of America, and so and so on, that kind of banking in America. And we want to build something like their kind of bank, their interface design, their animation, their loading, their live start, and many more, and features also. So by this one, we want to focus on the customer dashboard and how it should look like and appear, more importantly, focus on screen view, mobile, and it might be responsive, mobile, desktop, iPad, and tablet, and computer. And we should have features like customer can be able to, you know, all banking features. We want to have all the banking features here. And most importantly, during the transaction, we want to be able to have a feature that shows loading starts of transaction and when it reaches to 70, 70, 17 or 817%, It should be on hold to admin, respond to that. Do you understand? So something like that and the person can receive email to, because when they initiate transfer, the person will input email too, so that the person can receive email back for what is going on and update about his transfer. And we'll use resend API for that and also SMS as well, and SMS as well, so that the recipient that's receiving the money or the one initiating the transfer can receive an SMS of what is going on. And before that, the admin dashboard must be able to have a management to control all those things and be able to have a template of response to use and can create new custom ones to use we are going to build a modern clean mobile mobile ebanking and live stats and move and simple and user friendly with modern ui and design and simple and clean real and animation and loading and live banking let for cus on the customer dasboard before the admin dasboard management And we already have the project, so we want you to analyze. We want to change the interface and the whole design to be responsive. So we want to change the UI, a clean and nice and modern, nice simple UI. And modern color font and the rest to make it more beautiful and nice.